Create ui-c8y-1024-13-2-fixed-issue-with-icons-not-appearing-in-the-asset-table-12590.md (#5011)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1024-13-2-fixed-issue-with-icons-not-appearing-in-the-asset-table-12590.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fixed issue with icons not appearing in the asset table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fixed issue with icons display in the asset table
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-67327
version: 1024.13.2
---

> Icons were not displaying correctly in the asset table. This issue has been fixed, and icons now appear properly in the asset table. Users can now see all icons displayed when using the icon filters as expected, improving the visual clarity and usability of the asset table icon filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Icons were not displaying correctly in the asset table. This issue has been fixed. Users can now see all icons displayed as expected when using the icon filters, improving the visual clarity and usability of the asset table icon filters.
```
